Item Name	Song Title	Original Game	Description
'A Warrior's Journey'	The Warrior Conquers Alone	Dragon Quest IV	Sheet music of a memorable marching melody.
'Overture March'	Overture	Dragon Quest	Sheet music of an morale-boosting march.
			
	Prologue	Dragon Quest III	
	Love Song	Dragon Quest II	
	Inviting Village	Dragon Quest VI	
'Ghost Ship'	The Phantom Ship	Dragon Quest III	Sheet music of an scary sea shanty.
'Lonely Village'	Sad Village	Dragon Quest V	Sheet music of a despondent ditty.
			
'Legendary Castle'	Château	Dragon Quest II	Sheet music to accompany a crowded castle courtyard.
'Wanderer's Theme'	Through the Fields	Dragon Quest VI	Sheet music to welcome a weary wayfarer.
'Into the Aegean Sea'	Sailing	Dragon Quest III	Sheet music of a refreshing seafaring rhapsody.
'A Merchant's Journey'	Weapons Merchant Torneko	Dragon Quest IV	Sheet music for pleasing patrons and pushing up profits.
'Shadows in the Darkness'	Monsters in the Dungeon	Dragon Quest V	Sheet music of a spooky serenade.
'Never-ending Journey'	A Lonely Youth	Dragon Quest II	Sheet music of ceasless serenade.
'Pinnacle of Evil'	Devil's Tower	Dragon Quest II	Sheet music of a fiendish fugue.
'Into the Blue Sky'	Heavenly Flight	Dragon Quest III	Sheet music of a soaring serenade.
'Conflict'	Deathfight	Dragon Quest II	Sheet music of a rousing rhapsody.
			
'Facing the Immortal Foe'	Demon Combat	Dragon Quest V	Sheet music of an intimidating melody.
'Dicing with Death'	Dead or Alive	Dragon Quest II	Sheet music of an intimidating melody.
'Requiem'	Requiem	Dragon Quest II	
			
'Queen of the Heavens'	Travelling Alone	Dragon Quest V	
	Level Up			
	Small Fanfare		
	Battle Victory		
	Annihilation		
	Item Discovery		
	New Goal		
	Inn		
	Curse		
	Blueprint Cleared		
	Rendarak Revealed		
	Adventure Begins		
	New Mission		
	Comrades		
	Echo Flute 1		
	Echo Flute 2		
	Echo Flute 3		
	Medium Fanfare		
	Big Fanfare		
			
	Boss Fanfare		
'Coliseum Bleachers'	Colosseum Stand	Dragon Quest IV	
'Backstage at the Coliseum'	Colosseum Back Stage	Dragon Quest IV	
'Premonition of Destruction'	Suspense	Dragon Quest V	
'Shrine Theme' Small Shrine	Dragon Quest III	Sheet music that elicits holy harmonies.
'Shining City'	Town	Dragon Quest V	Sheet music for appreciating stunning skylines.
'Folk Dance'	Folk Dance	Dragon Quest VI	
'Tower Theme'	Tower	Dragon Quest III	
'Battle for Honour'	Battle for the Glory	Dragon Quest IV	
'Open Oceans'	Beyond the Waves	Dragon Quest II	Sheet music of a swashbuckling symphony.
			
'Bustling Streets'	Town	Dragon Quest II	Sheet music for threading through the throngs.
'Slumbering'	Jipang	Dragon Quest III	Sheet music of a soft, sleep-inducing song.
			
'Boogie-Woogie Bar'	Boogie-Woogie	Dragon Quest III	Sheet music that makes you want jump up and jig.
'Passionate Dance'	Gypsy's Dance	Dragon Quest IV	Sheet music for sultry staring and fiery footwork.
'Perilous Passage'	Fright in Dungeon	Dragon Quest II	
'Street Corner'	Melody in an Ancient Town	Dragon Quest V	Sheet music that's perfect for people watching.
'Town Theme'	Village	Dragon Quest III	
			
			
			
'Determination'	Brave Fight	Dragon Quest VI	
			
	My Road My Journey	Dragon Quest II	
'Ancient Ruins'	Pyramid	Dragon Quest III	Sheet music that evokes visions of times gone by.
'To Play with Passion'	Melody of Love	Dragon Quest V	Sheet music for getting caught up in the emotion.
'Foolish Fiend'	Goofy Monsters	Dragon Quest V	
'Daytime Palace'	Menuet	Dragon Quest IV	Sheet music for kings and queens at court.
'Night-Time Palace'	Menuet (Night)	Dragon Quest IV	Sheet music for royal residences and sleeping sovereigns.
'Flying Carpet'	Magic Carpet	Dragon Quest V	
'Soaring Spirit'	Pegasus	Dragon Quest VI	Sheet music that can lift even the most melancholy mood.
			
'Paradise'	Paradise	Dragon Quest VII	Sheet music that's usually only used in Utopia.
			
			
			
			
	Saint	Dragon Quest V	
'The Sphinx'	Sphinx	Dragon Quest VII	